docs(AI): add AI disclosure checklist and refine contributor guide (#5025)
WasmEdge/WasmEdge: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Before submitting this PR, please ensure the following:

> - [ ] **AI Disclosure**: If you used AI assistance, disclose it using the `Assisted-by:` trailer in your commits and note it in the PR description.

Reviewer: I prefer that we include a second section indicating the AI-related checklist.  
For example:  
```suggestion
If you are using AI-assisted tools, please ensure the following:

- [ ] **AI Disclosure**: Disclose it using the `Assisted-by:` trailer in your commits and note it in the PR description. Please refer to the CONTRIBUTING.md/AGENTS.md files for the detailed format.
- [ ] **Human-in-the-loop**: Submitting commits, issues, and PRs without human verification is forbidden.
```
